- [laughing evilly]
- Previously
on fucking "Chucky"...
Last year, my sister Caroline
was kidnapped.
I’m going to find you, and
I’m going to bring you home.
- Joseph doesn’t want to come
to school with me today.
He wants to go
to work with you.
He wants to see
the Oval Office.
- President Collins has vowed
to heal this nation
and bring us together
after years
of division and partisanship.
- What about that doll?
- Henry lost his brother.
So, if some doll gives him
any sort of comfort,
who are we to take
that from him?
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- But, seriously,
are you nervous?
- Terrified.
- Oh, me too.
- The First Family now
returning to the White House
from the departed agent’s
memorial service.
♪ ♪
- Chucky’s in the White House.
How are we supposed to get
in the most secure house
in the world?
- Wait, don’t they do tours?
[cell phone clicking]
- Yeah, but it--it takes weeks,
and you need to email
a representative.
- What about a personal invite?
This is the president’s
very cute,
very obsessed
with socials son, Grant.
- [imitates cat screech]
- He is cute.
Well, he’s not as cute you.
- Doesn’t even compare.
- Anyway, he’s our in.
- He has two million followers.
He must get thousands
of DMs a day.
- Killer dolls are hard.
Fuckboys are easy.
Dev, do a deep dive.
Find out everything
you can about him.
- Jake, get train tickets
for the morning.
We’re going to D. C.
- Holy shit!
- Okay, we promise, no telling.
- Lips sealed.
- Oh, my God, you guys,
have you seen the news?
I-is that Chucky
in the White House?
And I’m late
to the party, aren’t I?
- Yeah.
- Oh, you are not
actually thinking
of going after him, are you?
No.
No way.
It is too dangerous.
I am responsible for you now.
- And we’re responsible
for Chucky.
I mean, we let him get
away from us twice.
- You are not responsible
for the actions
of a supernaturally
possessed killer doll.
- We can’t just stand back
and let more innocent people
get killed.
- Yeah, he killed our parents.
We have to do something.
- [sighs]
- Miss F, if you could just
please give us your blessing.
- No, I’m sorry.
I-I can’t let you do this.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Not alone.
I’m going with you.
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
- Me and Joseph can’t sleep.
- You thinking about Teddy?
It’s okay to talk about it.
- Grant,
are you going to die, too?
- In life...
we’re going to lose people.
And it’ll never be easy.
But remember
what we talked about?
- Sort of.
- We’ll always have
our memories...
the way they laughed,
how much they loved
Fruity Pebbles,
that--that they annoyed
the crap out of us.
So...
next time
you’re missing Teddy...
or Joseph...
just remember this, okay?
- I don’t miss Joseph.
Joseph is here.
- Yeah, but, uh...
Oh.
Okay.
Henry, you know this isn’t...
♪ ♪
Never mind.
Okay.
Let’s get some sleep, buddy.
I love you.
♪ ♪
[playful spooky music]
- I am so stuffed,
I could not eat another thing.
- Oh, watch me.
- I knew you would have
a little room for more.
You are like the bottomless pit
for bacon.
- Hmm.
- Joseph would like
Swedish meatballs.
- For breakfast?
- Maybe Joseph would like
some pancakes instead
with extra syrup?
- Yeah.
That’s the face
of a pancake guy.
[Charlotte giggles]
- Joseph doesn’t like
fucking pancakes.
- Henry.
- Whoa, hey.
What did we say
about saying words like that?
- I didn’t say it.
Joseph did.
- Yeah. Hey, Mom, Dad, we
should talk about--
[cell phone vibrates]
- Hold that thought, kiddo.
Your mother and I have
a very important meeting today.
- [sighs]
Aren’t they all important?
- We’ll talk about your choice
of words later.
- Uh-huh.
- Joseph wants to go
to the Oval Office again.
He had so much fun
the first time.
- I love Joseph’s enthusiasm
on politics,
but I think he should go
to school today.
You can’t run a nation
without basic math.
- But he wants to be
close to you.
♪ ♪
- I don’t see the harm
in Joseph missing
one more day of school.
Shall we, Joseph?
♪ ♪
[goofy voice] I can’t wait
to go to your office.
- He doesn’t talk like that.
- We’re so glad you could come
on such short notice, Warren.
We know you’re in high demand
in this town.
- Yes, Warren, thank you.
Pleasure to finally meet you.
Your reputation
certainly precedes you.
[item clatters on table]
- Sorry.
Would--would you prefer decaf?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[thermos rattles]
- I never ingest
foreign liquids.
- I-I’m not usually
on coffee detail.
But since you requested
no staff,
here we are, all alone...
together.
- First of all, call me Pryce.
Or as a matter of fact,
don’t call me anything
if you can help it.
Better I’m a ghost around here,
that my comings and goings
remain unmolested
by any personal affinities
and/or bureaucracy.
- Well, we’ll see
what we can do
about snipping up
all the red tape.
- Which reminds me, I’ll be
needing carte-blanche access
to all White House facilities.
- Can we do that?
- Well, I think...
[clears throat]
The protocol, it’s--
- I already spoke with my
associate at the Pentagon.
He’s handling the details.
Just keeping you abreast.
Is there anything
about Agent Brooks
that’s keeping you up at night?
Anything about his mood
in the days prior to his death?
Any untoward associations,
debts, enemies?
- To be perfectly candid,
Mr. Pryce,
I think this meeting
is ghoulish.
I didn’t want to have it.
- Charlotte--
- I’m sorry, but Teddy’s death
was a tragedy.
Can’t we just let him
rest in peace
instead of impugning
his reputation?
- Ma’am, I’m not here
to make any moral judgments
about what’s in a man’s heart
in the days prior to his death.
I’m here to take out
the garbage.
- Gar--
- Now, wait a second.
Teddy Brooks was a fine man.
- No man is purely garbage.
But can a man keep
the wrong company,
become entangled, and endanger
the entire nation as a result?
- Are you suggesting my son’s
Secret Service agent was a spy?
- I’m saying his death
isn’t without suspicion.
♪ ♪
What is that?
- Oh.
Our son Henry has taken
to this doll
in a way that we find
perhaps a bit odd,
but it seems to be therapeutic.
The doll’s name is Joseph.
- Like your deceased son.
- Yeah.
[door opens]
- Your mail, Mr. President.
- Thank you. Uh, Sam?
- Mm-hmm.
- Have you seen
my letter opener?
- Oh.
I, uh, haven’t, sir.
♪ ♪
- It’s a rare
Eleanor Roosevelt
letter opener.
[door closes]
I got it from Barack as a gift.
- Barack still owes me
ten bucks...
[item clatters]
An ill-advised NBA wager.
[briefcase latches
click closed]
Never bet on the Knicks.
Now, if you’ll excuse me,
I’m going to check out
the crime scene
while Henry’s still in school.
[door opens]
- So it turns out Grant is
more than your average fuckboy.
- Oh?
- Yep.
I mean, he still is a fuckboy,
but he follows a lot
of weird, offbeat accounts
about conspiracy theories
and obscure historical facts.
- Sounds like you want to slide
into his DMs, Dev.
Are you sure
he doesn’t do that for show?
I mean, he posts
in the White House a lot,
more than my mother,
rest her soul, ever did.
- He also follows a lot
of accounts about grief.
- Oh.
- We thought you should tackle
this two ways.
One, you look hot.
- [chuckles]
Thank you.
- Two, instead
of full-blown sexpot,
what if you focus
on, like, your feelings?
Try to connect to Grant
over his grief
about his dead brother.
♪ ♪
- Yeah.
I like that.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Hi.
My name is Lexy.
I’m reaching out
to Grant Collins
at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
because...
I need help.
My sister Caroline
is still missing.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- What’s good, everyone?
A lot of you have been asking
to see inside the exclusive
Fisher Friends School,
so I figured,
why not give ’em a little
vibe check on my student body?
Hey, Lyle.
Say hey to my followers.
- Loser.
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music]
[cell phone chimes]
♪ ♪
- Hi.
My name is Lexy.
I’m reaching out
to Grant Collins
at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
because...
I need help.
My sister Caroline
is still missing.
♪ ♪
To bring her home, we need
to keep her name
in people’s mouths,
in their minds.
[sniffles]
You can help me,
Grant Collins.
Please help me.
♪ ♪
[cell phone bloops]
- "Hey, girl"?
[scoffs] Really?
That’s his opener?
- He probably sent that
to 25 other girls today.
- Those girls aren’t me.
Now, can the master please work
in silence?
[cell phone clicking, blooping]
- Seems like it’s going good.
- Going well.
Okay.
I’m pulling the trigger.
"I really like your energy.
"We should meet in person--
you, me, and my friends.
Tomorrow maybe"?
♪ ♪
"Come to Balzac’s coffee shop
at DuPont Circle, 3:00 p. m."
- Evening, Mr. President.
Here is the afternoon mail.
Did you ever find
the letter opener?
- I did not.
I also managed to lose track
of Henry’s doll somehow.
- It’s, um--it’s been
a stressful day, sir.
- Yeah.
Has anyone else
been in there today?
- Absolutely not.
- Okay.
Well, uh, good night, Samantha.
- Good night, sir.
Night, Coop.
♪ ♪
[clock ticking]
[gasps]
[suspenseful music]
[gasping, gurgling]
- [laughs wickedly]
♪ ♪
Uh-huh.
Holy shit.
That is awesome.
♪ ♪
Hey, do I look upside down
to you right now?
[laughs]
♪ ♪
That’s two down,
four to go.
But who’s fucking counting?
[laughs wickedly]
♪ ♪
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
- Marine?
Semper Fi.
♪ ♪
- Where are you right now?
- Me?
- You’ve been furrowing your
brow for the last 15 minutes.
- I was thinking about Teddy
and his family.
[dramatic music]
Everything you said
this morning to Pryce--
I agree with you, we need to
protect the American people,
but I can’t get Teddy’s family
out of my mind...
Everything
they’re going through...
that pain.
- We know it.
- Yeah, we do.
- Hey.
[cell phone vibrates]
♪ ♪
[softly] Um...
I’m going to go check on Henry.
♪ ♪
Oh, my God. Oh, my God,
what are we going to do?
We--we--we need to call
the police.
- Ma’am.
- We need the FBI in here.
- We need Coop. Where’s--
- Ma’am.
- I will go get him right now.
- Ma’am!
Mrs. Collins, I need you
to get a hold of yourself.
There is a killer
in the White House.
We know that now.
It’s safe to assume
that the killer
is also responsible
for Agent Brooks’s death.
- That’s exactly
why we need to--
- Think about what’s
at stake here,
the first independent president
in U. S. history,
your husband’s promise
to heal this nation,
his legacy
and our country’s future
hanging in the balance,
Mrs. Collins.
We can’t let this get out.
♪ ♪
- Evening, Sergeant.
- Spencer.
Hi.
Um, he’s already gone up.
- What are you doing here
so late?
- I-I was looking
for Henry’s doll.
Have you s-seen it?
- Uh, no.
But, luckily, that’s
the least of our problems.
How’s he doing?
- Henry?
Oh, uh...
[exhales sharply]
You know, it’s been hard.
- Yeah, of course.
- Yeah.
- Well, get some sleep.
Let’s connect
first thing tomorrow?
- Absolutely.
Good night.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
- Sorry about your antique.
[dramatic rock music]
♪ ♪
[moving van door closes]
[engine turning over]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Still no Samantha?
- I’m afraid not, sir.
- [sighs]
Don’t get me wrong, Lucy.
We’re grateful
to have you here.
It’s just--
it’s not like Samantha
to be out this long
without checking in.
- You’ve got Sam.
Leave a message.
[line beeps]
- [sighs]
Would you send someone
to check on her,
see if she needs anything?
- Of course.
- Thank you, Lucy.
♪ ♪
- Yep, that’s him.
- Okay, remember,
guys, this hangout
is key to getting to Chucky,
so don’t say anything
about Chucky.
- Fine by me.
I hate how much breath
we waste on that asshole.
- Okay, so great Grant topics
include television,
viral videos, Grant,
and girls, aka Lexy.
- Okay, let’s go.
We got shit to do.
♪ ♪
- Oh, oh.
Okay, listen,
I will be right outside
if anything goes sideways.
And in the event
it goes really sideways,
we’re going to meet
back at home base--
Watergate Hotel, room 1105.
Here’s 20 bucks.
Be safe.
♪ ♪
- Sorry, we’re closed.
- Lexy.
Hey.
[door closes]
How are you? Thanks for coming.
- Good.
- So good to see you.
- Yeah.
- Oh, I’m Grant.
- Devon.
- How’s it going?
What’s up?
- Hey.
- Grant.
They’re with me.
They’re just my friends.
Calm down, okay?
Here they are, IRL.
- Go ahead.
- I didn’t know
what you guys wanted,
so I figured,
why not get it all?
’Cause I can.
My bistro is your bistro.
- Okay.
- So...
you guys ever been
to D. C. before?
It’s, like, the best city
in the world.
- First time.
- Same.
I mean, we’re all
Jersey born and raised.
So...
- Hackensack strong.
[Lexy giggles]
- [chuckles] Wow.
Living in Hackensack
must feel so...
real.
Must be so amped to be here.
So glad I saw your vid, Lex.
- [giggles]
- I get so many tags a day,
it’s hard for any of them
to stand out, you know.
- Yeah, I can’t imagine.
- Oh, um, I’m assuming
you boys have TikTok.
- Um, yeah, actually, I’m a fan
of, uh, Conspiratorial Tory.
I think you follow her, too.
- Yeah, hold on.
It says you guys
don’t follow me?
[laughter]
- Take your phones out now.
You guys--you guys
got to follow me.
- Right now?
- Uh...
- uh, so, Grant, do you
watch "Outer Banks"?
- Oh, mm-hmm.
Total kook here.
- Recent Pogue, unfortunately.
I’d love to talk spoilers.
- Mm, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Lean in.
- Oh, no, that’s okay.
From that angle.
- Mm.
- But from this angle...
- Oh, there we go.
- Yeah.
- Oh, it does look better.
- A couple minutes, then
we got to head out, Grant.
- Uh, I’m guessing the
bathroom’s over there, right?
[Lexy grunts]
- Yeah, me too.
- Um...
[door opens]
So...
[door closes]
I’m really glad
that we got to do this.
Really loving your vibes.
- Totally.
[sighs] Um, and, look,
about your sister...
um...
I’ll do what I can to help.
- Thanks.
- Okay.
Um, that was
a total boner killer.
Whoo! Okay, uh, let’s talk
about something else.
- I don’t know.
I mean, I just--
This feels cool.
- Yeah, I mean, two hot people
meeting usually does.
[both laugh]
- Yeah.
Okay, well, then...
I’d like to see you again.
♪ ♪
- You ever been
to the White House?
♪ ♪
- James...
I heard
from Samantha’s brother.
She checked herself into rehab.
- She drinks?
- I don’t know.
I thought it was rude to ask.
- That’s awful--
struggling silently.
I--
[scoffs]
I never would have thought.
I should look into visiting.
- No.
No, he said no visitors,
not for the first few weeks.
♪ ♪
- Jesus.
First Teddy, now Samantha.
I feel like we don’t even know
the people
working with us anymore,
people we’re raising our kids
alongside.
♪ ♪
- Can--can we just...
go to bed?
Come on.
- Oh, baby.
- Oh.
- I can’t.
- [grunts inquisitively]
- I can’t. I--
Spencer says
we’re down three points.
- Oh, three points.
- Yeah.
- The United States will
still be there in the morning.
Oh.
[giggles]
Oh, come on.
You’re going back
to the office, aren’t you?
- And you’re going
to get sainthood
for putting up with me.
- Mm.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Thank you.
[dreamy pop music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Take a breath,
take a walk... ♪
♪ ♪
- I want to make
so much love to you.
[breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
That was terrible, wasn’t it?
- It was pretty bad, yeah.
- ♪ I was waiting
for the moment ♪
♪ For the right time ♪
♪ I was left out
in the dark... ♪
- But I still liked it,
and I love you...
- [breathing heavily]
- So let’s fucking do this.
♪ ♪
- I love when you say "fuck."
[door beeps, lock clicks]
- I was just asking
for a gluten-free bun.
It’s not that hard, you know?
[door closes]
- Hi.
- And I’m going to go
on a walk.
- Yeah.
Oh--I’ll just...
- You can’t forbid me
from seeing my friends.
- Grant,
you don’t even know them.
- Yeah, I do.
They’re--they’re my friends.
- We looked into them,
like I promised,
and they’re bad news,
kind of shockingly bad news.
- Jesus, Mom, they’re--they’re
orphans, not terrorists.
- I just don’t feel comfortable
inviting them.
I’m sorry.
- Come on.
This isn’t even about security.
It’s just optics, isn’t it?
You don’t want me hanging out
with anyone
who’s not PR approved.
- Grant, we’re under
a lot of scrutiny right now,
e-especially after Teddy,
and I--
[sighs]
Why don’t you invite the
mayor’s son?
W-what’s his name?
He’s in your year.
- Alex?
What about him?
- Why don’t you invite him
to the Halloween gala instead?
- Because Alex isn’t even,
like, a-a real person.
None of them are at school.
None of them
have ever had anything,
like, happen to them.
I feel like I actually
have something
in common with these kids.
They...
they get me.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- I guess, um...
I could meet
with their foster mother,
tell her a little bit about
the expectations and protocols
and see if she thinks
that they can handle it.
- Thank you.
- Oh.
- I mean, like, yeah, I guess
if you have to do that,
that’s cool.
Normal kids just get
to have friends, so...
[door opens, closes]
- Now, boys, I know
that you love each other,
and I support you 100%.
[quirky music]
♪ ♪
Consummating, uh,
your relationship
is an important milestone
for every couple,
but we need
to cover some basics first
and establish
some boundaries, okay?
This isn’t a bathhouse.
- What’s a bathhouse?
- I’ll, uh, tell you later.
- Okay.
First up, safe sex.
Do we understand
that even without a, um--
a female involved, there’s
still some safety concerns.
- You can skip that one.
- Yes.
- Fantastic.
Next up,
"teens may have some confusion
about positions
while topping and bottoming."
- We’re good there, too.
- We are?
- We’ll talk.
- Okay.
"Prepping for penetration"--
- Stop, stop.
- Oh, oh, oh, my God.
- Uh, okay, You know what?
Um, why don’t I actually just
give these to you guys
and you can go over
them on your own time?
- [sighs]
- Great idea.
- Wonderful.
Good chat.
- Thanks, Miss F.
- And you--just please feel
free to come to me
with any questions
or concerns or...
you know, questions,
all of that.
- For real, though...
we appreciate it.
- We’ll make sure
you guys are gone
for longer than ten
minutes next time.
- That’s all any parent
could ask for.
Jake, your, uh, shirt’s
on inside out.
♪ ♪
- [scoffs]
- Okay...
William Jennings Bryan’s
Cross of Gold speech in 1896
was a polemic against...?
- Gold?
- What, so he just,
like, hated gold?
Doesn’t make any sense.
- Honestly, I don’t even know
what "polemic" means.
- Come on, guys.
[sighs] Miss F.
is going to be pissed
if we haven’t finished this
when she gets back.
- Who gives a shit?
We should be figuring out
how to get Chucky and--
- Miss F. will get
us the invitation.
- And then what? Once we get
into the Halloween gala,
how are we supposed
to find Chucky?
How do we get him alone?
How do we get him to tell us
where Caroline is?
How--
- Okay, yeah, you’re right.
[dramatic jazz music]
♪ ♪
Let’s make a plan.
- Well, it’s
the fucking White House,
so no chance for getting
any knives in.
That doesn’t mean
we’re totally defenseless.
Coco Chanel says,
in fashion, form is function.
We can make the costumes
work for us.
♪ ♪
- We have to assume
Chucky will stay upstairs
in the residence,
so we’ll need Grant
to invite us up.
Me and Jake can find Chucky,
but you’ll have to keep
Grant distracted.
- As much
as I would rather not,
that won’t be a problem.
[quirky dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Mrs. Collins is very kind.
You’ll be just fine.
♪ ♪
- They have suffered
enormous tragedy.
But instead of closing
themselves off to the world,
they’ve only become more
compassionate and sensitive.
And they are very loyal.
They have fought so hard
to keep their little
family unit together.
- A lot of the credit there
is due to you, I imagine.
- Oh, just wish
I’d taken them in earlier,
though I’m not sure my budget
could have handled it.
[sighs] It seems like they
go through a week’s worth
of groceries every day.
- [laughs]
Well, I do not envy you there.
I’ve got my hands full
with one teenager, honestly.
- Mm.
I know that you know
what it looks like
when children shoulder
too much grief too young.
I live for the moments where
they just get to act like kids.
And lately, I think
they’ve been finding
those moments with your son.
I’d be willing to bet that
Grant feels the same way.
[cell phone vibrating]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [scoffs]
Will you excuse me
for a moment?
- Of course.
[door opens, closes]
♪ ♪
- My team ran a private
ballistics analysis
on Agent Brooks’s death.
- And?
- Though technically possible,
it is extremely unlikely
that Agent Brooks
handled the gun
at such a dramatically
low angle to take his own life.
- What exactly
are we dealing with here?
- We’re dealing
with a professional,
someone with absolutely
no respect whatsoever
for human life,
someone very clever,
extremely dangerous,
and very, very ill.
[suspenseful music]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- I just couldn’t resist
the thought
of making those kids orphans
one more time.
- [screams]
- [laughing wickedly]
[both grunting]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Fuck.
[laughing evilly]
- [continues grunting]
♪ ♪
- [breathing heavily]
Ugh.
Three down, three to go.
- And yet you’re no closer
to catching this killer?
You promised me results
if I let you talk me
into going along with this.
- [chuckles]
I don’t think that I talked you
into going along with anything,
all due respect,
of course, ma’am.
And the result
that you are speaking of
is your husband’s
legacy remains intact.
- And my family is in danger.
Whoever killed Teddy and
Samantha is still out there.
I will do whatever it takes
to protect James
and the promises we made
to the American people,
but you need to hold up your
end of the bargain
and find him!
[telephone ringing]
- Go ahead.
It’s for you, Mrs. President.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Yes, hello.
Who is this?
- Since you like
cleaning up after me,
I thought I’d leave you
a fresh one.
Wrapped it up nice
and pretty, too,
just like Christmas morning.
[chuckling wickedly]
♪ ♪
- Oh.
[door closes]
Oh.
[groaning]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- The flag
is the murder weapon.
It’s also the message.
The killer knows
the American government
will continue to cover up
his crimes.
- No, not anymore.
T-t-t-this--this is over.
I-I’m calling the police.
- I, uh...
I wouldn’t do that,
Mrs. Collins.
♪ ♪
- What is this?
- I didn’t vote
for your husband...
♪ ♪
Not that I don’t think
he’s an honorable man.
I do.
And he is.
But his platform--
transparency...
♪ ♪
Not on my watch,
not in this beautiful country
for which I am prepared to die
at a moment’s notice.
America...
is built on secrets, ma’am,
and it would be a shame
for this one to get out.
Your husband’s presidency
will be over
before it barely began,
before he had a chance
to really do some good.
And I hate to think
of the effect
it could have on your two boys.
- How dare you?
This is none of your business.
This is between me
and my husband,
and it was resolved between us
long before the election.
- I understand.
- [sighs]
- It’s very personal.
- [chuckles]
You think you know me.
♪ ♪
You don’t know me.
You don’t know my family,
and you certainly
don’t know my husband.
- But I do know
what he stands for.
And I think that’s
worth protecting.
Wouldn’t you agree?
♪ ♪
I hope this rug
isn’t an antique.
♪ ♪
[door creaking]
[clock ticking]
♪ ♪
[cell phone clicking]
- She should be back by now.
- It doesn’t help
to keep saying that.
I’m texting Grant.
Okay, Grant says
that his mom met with her
and it went super well.
We’re going to be invited.
- Great.
[cell phone ringing]
- It’s her.
- Hey, hey, hey,
hold on, hold on.
The Wi-Fi’s surprisingly
crappy here.
Uh, there we go.
Can you see me now?
- Where’s Miss Fairchild?
- Oh, I’m sorry, Jake.
She had to go
spend some quality time
with your dead parents
in hell.
[laughing evilly]
They even cleaned up my mess
for me.
God bless America.
- We’re coming for you, Chucky.
- No.
I’m waiting for you, Lexy.
I’m waiting
on pins and needles
for all of you.
I got a feeling
that this is going to be
our bloodiest Halloween yet.
[static crackles]